Oh
welcome to Rackham we are presenting to
you the new easy ride salty by Rackham
with ease you can lock this unit into
reverse and back up and go forward again
if you do not want to use reverse you
can step off the unit and you have 360
degree rotation
you
this sulky cannot jackknife because the
patented safety pins limit rotation to
hook this unit to the backyard machine
it only takes one pin with a quick
release
for the different machines that are on a
market there is a plate for easy
adjustment
of course the easy ride comes with a
storage chain and clip to hang the unit
from the mower handle this saves space
and helps fit more mowers on a trailer
the mower can be operated with the easy
ride in a stored position
you
pins automatically come up when an
operator steps onto the easy ride for
normal operation this gives the easy
ride a major safety feature not found on
other units which prevents the platform
from jackknifing
when the operator is off the platform
the pins go down allowing for 360 degree
rotation
the reverse lock is a standard feature
not found on any other sulky it allows
the operator to back up without getting
off the unit saving time and money
the easy ride platform is wider than
other units to allow easy entry even
with bulky booths the Greece entire stem
access doors are safety features
preventing loose clothing and laces from
entering the wheel mechanism the rack'em
easy ride is equipped with a mud flap to
keep the operator clean
of course all moving parts have grease
fittings our hammer paint finish allows
for extreme wear
you